---
layout: post
title: "Day 4 Summary and Reading"
author: Angela Hou
---

## Daily Summary
The first thing we did today was separate our code into modules. We did this because the code that we had in Jupyter notebook was particularly messy (i.e. functions and tests were intermingled and hard to find). Also, consolidating our code helped us to import it as a package to use in other applications. To do this, we transferred all import statements and functions into a separate .py file, and saved it under a new directory. Then, when we nested our simulation code under a new function, we were able to import our module into our code to clean it up.

In the second half of the morning, we were introduced to pytest, which is a more succinct and powerful way of writing tests for our code. Before, we were writing assert statements to run sanity checks, but pytest allows us to write several tests at once. There are three kinds of tests:
Unit: tests each individual function, one at a time.
Integration: tests multiple functions at the same time. Makes sure that the code works when put together.
Regression: tests individual functions (like unit tests), but only after running integration tests. Makes sure that functions work both separately and together.

## Daily Reading: Raising Errors
Errors are usually raised when the code runs into an issue that it cannot fix. For example, sometimes we'll try to divide by zero, or access an index in a list that doesn't exist.

Instead of having our code stop running when it encounters such an issue, we can use try/except blocks. The 'try' block will attempt to run a block of code; if it encounters an error caught by the 'except' block, it will run the block of code following the 'except' statement.